---
title: IT LESSON 11
layout: post
author: daniel.evans
permalink: /it-lesson-11/
source-id: 13JFKd300qpWHyjQ1XZSIzBew1chdVqCGTh07e0vt1L8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT Lesson 11</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>4/12/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td> Good knowledge of binary which helped in the book.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To advance in the book and have a good understanding of what the computer is actually doing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt through group work and questioning today as other people had advanced in the book and so we could ask them what is supposed to happen if something was going wrong. Another reason for this is sometimes I understood something and my partner didn't (or vise versa) and if we collaborated then we could work it out and we could fix the problem, and both understand.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that limited my learning was the fact that I wasn’t sure whether to let the other group who needed to go on the projector as we always go on it as our wires seem to be always faulty or not. After 5 mins of waiting, I finally asked if we could. I should have asked earlier as we would have been able to learn more in the time available.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will not hesitate to ask, even if someone else needs to do the same thing. This will speed up my learning as we are already behind the rest of the group in terms of page number and prgression.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


