---
title: IT LESSON 4
layout: post
author: daniel.evans
permalink: /it-lesson-4/
source-id: 1rr4zFHAn2qnMvmt_N9vXWXHTEFp5C43G7p9_3fLvKGc
published: true
---
**Hey! Its me, Dan.**

**Today is the 3rd of October, and this is the blog about it. Enjoy!**

So, today was mainly about blogs (the thing you are reading now!)

In Mr Keen's talk about blogs he brought up 4 things:

1) Stop asking him to help you when you can do it

2)Stop asking him to help you when you can do it

3)Stop asking him to help you when you can do it

4) FmM (Frequently made mistakes) and how you can fix them. One of the main sub-points was naming files correctly and not including special characters. In a previous lesson I had learned this as that was the problem that I had

Some of these problems were harder to fix than others, one of which, you had to delete your repo. and restart as there was a line that said red carpet, which was out of date.

ONTO THE FUZE BOX

We didn't get much time on the fuze box because we were sorting out blogs however once again out trailing cable was broken so we had to use the projector so everyone could see my stuff on my USB stick. FUN! We started again from the beginning because we needed to get all the work onto my USB in the end so I thought we would do it now to get it over with. Despite this we **persevered **and managed to get far into the book of wonders that is wrongly called the FUZE book of horrors by some. (Who would EVER call it that, it’s SOOO good)

**If you are reading this, THANKS.**

