---
title: IT Term 3 Blog 5
layout: post
author: daniel.evans
permalink: /it-term-3-blog-5/
source-id: 1aF8lQ1I6YsLz8cEuf_cupB__67MNrUR3yqu8Yb9Eu3M
published: true
---
**IT Term 3 Blog 5**

Today I was continuing with PygLatin. This section continues to be a struggle.

"Set new_word equal to the slice from the 1st index all the way to the end of new_word. Use [1:len(new_word)] to do this."

This instruction was unclear to me as to what it wanted me to do. Eventually I completed the task however I did not understand how it was correct. The line I needed to edit and type was:

new_word = word[1:len(new_word)] + first + pyg 

I tried the [1:len(new_word)] in different places I thought it meant in the instruction however it needed to be in front of the "word". I did not use communication to complete this challenge which may have been the reason it took so long for me to do. 

In the next level it asked me to test my code to see if it was working correctly. When I did this task it didn't do what it needed to. This was because there were lines of "print original"

Original was a variable that was the raw word I entered so it printed that instead of the thing it was supposed to do. The fix for this was to delete the lines of code. This way it worked. I used collaboration on this task however my partner was unsure either. I checked the glossary. To improve I could use the tips or ask the teacher if I was very stuck and unsure what to do.

I then moved onto "functions". In the first exercise I looked at an old piece of code I wrote that calculated the total price of a meal including tax and a tip. I then went onto using actual functions. These were very confusing to me as you had to use the “def” header. I did not understand this. However, I soon did it due to the fact I collaborated and asked for help from my partner. As he had already done it, he showed me his code. My problem was I was trying to print “spam” when it wanted me to print “Eggs!” I thought this as it had told me to use the code “def spam():” I confused this with printing “spam”.

